Added some getting started documentation for setting up the appropria… (#181)
olcf/pkpass: CONTRIBUTING.md

3. create new unittests as necessary
4. update the README if applicable
5. update the setup script if applicable

# Setting up a development environment

> 1. After checking out this repository, create a python3 environment (in ./venv) with `python3 venv venv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After checking out this repository, create a python3 environment (in ./venv) with `python3 -m venv venv`
```

> 2. Install all pkpass prerequisites into that virtual environment by runnint `./venv/bin/pip install -r requirements.txt`

Reviewer: typo `runnint` should be `running`

prior to lines 10 and 11; I would suggest the user doing a source i.e.
`source venv/bin/activate`

And then lines 10 and 11 can instead be
```suggestion
2. Install all pkpass prerequisites into that virtual environment by running `pip install -r requirements.txt`
```
and 
```
3. You should be able to run the latest checked out pkpass with `python pkpass.py`
```
